README.md, before:

# AppCenterSupportDocs
Information, Workarounds and Solutions to common issues within the context of https://appcenter.ms usage.

## Build Issues

[error XA0000: Could not determine API level for $(TargetFrameworkVersion) of 'v12.0'.](/Build/Could_not_determine_API_level_for_$TargetFrameworkVersion_of_v12.0.md)

[error An unexpected error occurred: "https://registry.yarnpkg.com/****: ESOCKETTIMEDOUT"](/Build/An_unexpected_error_occurred_ESOCKETTIMEDOUT.md)

[Authentication failed because no credentials were provided](/Build/Authentication_failed_because_no_credentials_were_provided.md)

[Xcode couldn't find any provisioning profiles matching](/Build/Xcode_couldn't_find_any_provisioning_profiles_matching.md)

[Command Not Found](/Build/command_not_found.md)

[Distribution Store does not exist.md](/Build/Distribution_Store_does_not_exist.md)

[Expiring Daemon because JVM heap space is exhausted](/Build/Expiring_Daemon_because_JVM_heap_space_is_exhausted.md)

[Failed to publish to store](/Build/Failed_to_publish_to_store.md)

[java.util.zip.ZipException: invalid entry compressed size (expected XXXX but got XXXX bytes)](/Build/Build/java.util.zip.ZipException_invalid_entry_compressed_size.md)

[](/)

[](/)

## Portal Issues

Commit message:

pushed final changes and updated index in readme

README.md, after:

# AppCenterSupportDocs
Information, Workarounds and Solutions to common issues within the context of https://appcenter.ms usage.

## Index of Issues

[An unexpected error occurred: "https://registry.yarnpkg.com/****: ESOCKETTIMEDOUT"](/Build/An_unexpected_error_occurred_ESOCKETTIMEDOUT.md)

[Authentication failed because no credentials were provided](/Build/Authentication_failed_because_no_credentials_were_provided.md)

[Command Not Found](/Build/command_not_found.md)

[Could not determine API level for $(TargetFrameworkVersion) of 'v12.0'.](/Build/Could_not_determine_API_level_for_$TargetFrameworkVersion_of_v12.0.md)

[Distribution Store does not exist.md](/Build/Distribution_Store_does_not_exist.md)

[Expiring Daemon because JVM heap space is exhausted](/Build/Expiring_Daemon_because_JVM_heap_space_is_exhausted.md)

[Failed to publish to store](/Build/Failed_to_publish_to_store.md)

[IPA Processing Failed](/Build/IPA_processing_failed.md)

[java.util.zip.ZipException: invalid entry compressed size (expected XXXX but got XXXX bytes)](/Build/Build/java.util.zip.ZipException_invalid_entry_compressed_size.md)

[Keystore Coud Not Be Found](/Build/keystore_could_not_be_found.md)

[Not Found PathtoPublish](/Build/Not_found_PathtoPublish.md)

[Operation Was Canceled](/Build/Operation_was_canceled.md)

[Release Notes Should Contain](/Build/Release_Notes_should_contain.md)

[Repository Over Data](/Build/Repository_Over_Data_Quota.md)

[Require Provision Profile](/Build/Require_Provisioning_Profile.md)

[Signing Certificate Publisher Mismatch](/Build/SigningCertificatePublisherMismatch.md)

[The Server SSH Fingerprint Failed To Verify](/Build/Theserver_SSH_fingerprint_failed_to_verify.md)

[Unable To Find Package](/Build/Unable_To_Find_Package.md)

[Unable To Open File In Project Pods](/Build/Unable_To_Open_File_In_Project_Pods.md)

[Xcode couldn't find any provisioning profiles matching](/Build/Xcode_couldn't_find_any_provisioning_profiles_matching.md)
